DBMS stands for Database Management System. 
Normalization is the process of organizing data in a database.
Transactions are a sequence of operations performed as a single logical unit of work.
SQL is used for managing and manipulating relational databases.
ER Model helps in designing the database schema.
Indexing improves the speed of data retrieval operations.
Relational Algebra is a formal system for manipulating relations.
NoSQL databases are non-relational and can handle unstructured data.
Query Optimization is the process of selecting the most efficient way to execute a query.
Processes are programs in execution.
Memory Management is the act of managing computer memory.
Deadlocks occur when two or more processes are waiting for each other to release resources.
Scheduling is the method by which work is assigned to resources.
File Systems manage how data is stored and retrieved.
Virtual Memory gives an illusion of a large memory to the user.
Threads are the smallest unit of processing that can be performed in an OS.
Distributed Systems consist of multiple autonomous computers that communicate through a network.
OSI Model defines a networking framework to implement protocols in layers.
TCP/IP is a suite of communication protocols used to interconnect network devices on the internet.
Routing is the process of selecting a path for traffic in a network.
Network Security consists of the policies and practices adopted to prevent and monitor unauthorized access.
DNS translates domain names to IP addresses.
HTTP is an application layer protocol for distributed, collaborative, hypermedia information systems.
Socket Programming is a way of connecting two nodes on a network to communicate with each other.
Wireless Networks are computer networks that are not connected by cables of any kind.
Arrays are a collection of items stored at contiguous memory locations.
Linked Lists are a linear collection of data elements whose order is not given by their physical placement in memory.
Trees are hierarchical data structures.
Graphs consist of a finite set of vertices and a set of edges which connect them.
Dynamic Programming is an algorithmic technique for solving an optimization problem by breaking it down into simpler subproblems.
Sorting is any process of arranging items systematically.
Searching is an algorithm for finding an item with specified properties among a collection of items.
Recursion is a method of solving a problem where the solution depends on solutions to smaller instances of the same problem.
Search Algorithms are algorithms used to retrieve information stored within some data structure.
Neural Networks are a series of algorithms that endeavor to recognize underlying relationships in a set of data.
Machine Learning is the study of computer algorithms that improve automatically through experience.
NLP is a subfield of linguistics, computer science, and AI concerned with the interactions between computers and human language.
Robotics is an interdisciplinary branch of computer science and engineering.
Expert Systems are computer systems that emulate the decision-making ability of a human expert.
Fuzzy Logic is a form of many-valued logic in which the truth values of variables may be any real number between 0 and 1.
